docs: Change vue warning regarding logErrors (#1150)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/vue.md

npm install @sentry/integrations
```

Then add this to your `app.js`:

```javascript
import Vue from 'vue'
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/browser';
import * as Integrations from '@sentry/integrations';

Sentry.init({
  dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
  integrations: [new Integrations.Vue({Vue, attachProps: true})],
});
```

> Additionally, `Integrations.Vue` accepts few different configuration options that let you change its behaviour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `Integrations.Vue` accepts a few different configuration options that let you change its behavior:
```

- Passing in `Vue` is optional, if you do not pass it `window.Vue` must be present.
- Passing in `attachProps` is optional and is `true` if it is not provided. If you set it to `false`, Sentry will suppress sending all Vue components' props for logging.
- Passing in `logErrors` is optional and is `false` if it is not provided. If you set it to `true`, Sentry will call original Vue's `logError` function as well.

{% capture __alert %}
Please note that if you enable this integration, Vue will not call its `logError` internally. This means that errors occurring in the Vue renderer will not show up in the developer console.

> If you want to preserve this functionality, make sure to pass `logErrors: true` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to preserve this functionality, make sure to pass the `logErrors: true` option.
```
